### digital 

* types of microcontrollers: architectures, peripherals, and families
 * buzzword bingo - RISC / Harvard / PIC / ARM / "memory mapped" 
* serial, parallel, synchronous, and asynchronous - how to talk zeroes and ones
* pulse width modulation - how does it dim?
* numbering schemes - hex, dec, oct, and bin. when to use which?
* bitmath - shifts, xors, and more.


### analog

* whens, whys, and hows... switching
 * transistors
  * FET
  * BJT / darlington
 * h-bridge
 * relays
* ac voltage - what's the difference between RMS, peak-to-peak,and average?
 * [dangerous prototypes link](http://dangerousprototypes.com/2011/03/21/true-rms-explaned/)
* how to power your widget - voltage converters
 * buck
 * boost
 * LDO
* data conversion
 * ADC / DAC terminology
  * DNL / INL / basic math

### hands-on / experience

* whens, whys, and hows... protection diodes on inductive loads
* whens, whys, and hows... pull-up, pull-down, current limiting, and voltage-dividing resistors
* whens, whys, and hows... different types of motors
 * brushed
 * brushless
 * hobby servo
 * stepper
* whens, whys, and hows... datasheets: relevant info from 40 pages on a resistor
* whens, whys, and hows... prototyping techniques from breadboard to wirewrap
* whens, whys, and hows... circuit board design and fabrication
* orders of magnitude: estimating power draw for sensing, thinking, and doing.
* orders of magnitude: estimation for prototyping.
* Soldering: surface mount, through-hole, freeform
 * hot air rework
 * SMD reflow
* where to go when it doesn't work: application notes, reference designs, forums and more in the EE world.
* lab equipment: advanced usage. - "what's the trigger knob do?"
 * use of Saleae logic analyzer, CEE, etc
